Document annotator tokens (#178)
AppraiseDev/Appraise: INSTALL.md

python3 manage.py CreateInviteTokens test_group 20 --create-group test_group
```

> Add `--task-confirmation-tokens` if you with to show annotators tokens at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `--task-confirmation-tokens` if you want to generate annotator confirmation tokens.
```

- `batchNo`: task number
- `randomSeed`: number used in batch generation
- `requiredAnnotations`: how many annotations does a task need, in most cases use 1
- `source/targetLanguage`: source and target language

## Quality control

> With `--task-confirmation-tokens`, the annotators will be shown a random one if they fail the quality control and a correct one (matching the one in the CSV output) if they succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `--task-confirmation-tokens`, the annotators will be shown a random key/token if they fail the quality control and a correct one (matching the one in the CSV output with credentials) if they succeed.
```

The quality control checks if the perturbed samples (`itemType=BAD`) have statistically lower scores than the original ones (`itemType=TGT`).
Even without the switch, the campaign status page will show a p-value (last column for staff account) that corresponds to the outcome of this test.
If it's close to 1, then the annotator is annotating randomly and is of poor quality.
For values close to 0, the annotations are good.

> The threshold to generate the true token for annotators is currently p<=10%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The threshold to generate the valid token for annotators is currently p<=10%.
```
